# DrRajesh-profile
My Bio data
 
Bio
I have a total of 16 years of experience in Project Management from the Country level to the Grass root Grama Panchayat (village) level. Presently, I’m working as a Hydrology and Water Resources Expert / Additional in charge of National Watershed Expert in the World Bank-assisted ‘Rejuvenating Watersheds for Agricultural Resilience through Innovative Development’ (REWARD) program and additional work Looking after WDC- PMSKY 2.0, Springshed management and Jalashakthi Abhiyan- catch the rain / Amrith Sarovar Abhiyan under Watershed Management Division, Department of Land Resources, Ministry of Rural Development, Govt. of India. I am based at working in the DoLR office in the Shivaji Annex Building, Shahid Bhagat Singh Marg, and Connaught Place, New Delhi, India. 
Previously, I was working as a State Level Watershed Consultant in the Jalamrutha Project, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj Department, Govt. of Karnataka, Bangalore, and before that as a ‘Research Associate Hydrology and Decision support system in Sujala –III in World Bank Funded Project, before that, Principle Investigator in DST Young Scientist Project on “Evaluation of Land Water Crop Management in Krishna Command area developing a decision support system for sustainable agricultural development in CAE, UAS, Raichur and like that, I worked in many projects and universities.
I received a Ph.D in soil and Water Engineering degree from the College of Agricultural Engineering, University of Agricultural Sciences, Raichur, India with DST Young Scientist fellowship. The title of my Ph.D. thesis was “Evaluation of Land Water Crop Management in Krishna Command area developing a decision support system for sustainable agricultural development". I received a B.Tech. (Agricultural Engineering) degree in 2002 and M. Tech. specialization in Soil and Water Conservation Engineering degree from University of Agricultural Sciences, Bengaluru, KA in 2005.
My research interests are Watershed and Springshed management, Hydrology and Water Resources, Land Resource Inventory, Agro hydrology advisories, Rainfed and irrigated Agriculture crop advisories, Decision support system, Artificial Intelligence, GIS & Remote sensing, Statistical analysis, ‘R’ & Python Software’s use in Agro hydrological modeling research. Developing Technical Standards for Watershed & Springshed Projects, Standard Operating Procedures (SoP) for policy and procedural advice.
